MechaCar Report
AutosRUs’ newest prototype, the MechaCar, is suffering from production troubles. 
There are a number of issues surrounding the vehicle’s specifications and manufacturing process that are blocking the manufacturing 
team from proceeding. AutosRUs’ upper management has called on Jeremy and the data analytics team to help analyze the production data 
in order to justify some last-minute design decisions. With Jeremy’s help, the launch of the MechaCar should be one of the most successful 
product launches in the company’s history.

Datasets
To perform our task, we are going to perform a statistical analysis using R, RStudio and we are also going to use the manufacturing datasets provided

MechaCar-MPG.csv. 
We tested 50 potential prototype MechaCars. The prototypes produced using design specifications which identified performance of the vehicles. 
Key Metrics obtained:
- Vehicle, weight
- Length of the vehicle
- Drivetrain
- Ground clearance

Suspension_coil.csv
MechaCars suspension coil test results from different production lots. 
Key Metrics obtained:
- Weight capacity of suspension coils
- Manufacturing process consistency 

Multiple Regression
We used multiple to obtain a linear model to predict the mpg for the MechaCar prototype

Observations:
Which variables/coefficients provided a non-random amount of variance to the mpg values in the dataset?
- Ground Clearance
- Vehicle Height
- Vehicle Length
- Spoiler Angle

Observations:
Is the slope of the linear model considered to be zero? Why or why not?
All wheel drive (AWD) the linear model was a flat line with a slope of 0.

Observations:
Does this linear model predict mpg of MechaCar prototypes effectively? Why or why not?
This linear model does not predict mpg of MechaCar prototypes. This was found after we reviewed our statistical test results
Suspension Coil Summary
In our file, we create a summary statistics table for the suspension coil’s pounds-per-inch continuous variable. The following metrics were included
- Mean
- Median
- Variance Standard deviation
The specifications for the MechaCar suspension coils indicated that the suspension variance should not exceed 100 pounds per square inch
Summary_Statistics_Table <- MechaCar_Suspension_Table %>% group_by(PSI) %>% summarize(Mean= mean(MechaCar_Suspension_Table$PSI),
Median= median(MechaCar_Suspension_Table$PSI), Variance= var(MechaCar_Suspension_Table$PSI), Standard_Deviation= sd(MechaCar_Suspension_Table$PSI))

View(Summary_Statistics_Table)
Our results showed that the current manufacturing data meets this design specification with a variance of 62.3

Suspension Coil t-test
We determined that suspension coil’s pound-per-inch results are not statistically different from the mean population results of 1,500 pounds per inch.

Design your own study
Upper management is looking for your expertise and wants you to design a study that compares the performance of the MechaCar prototype 
vehicle to other comparable vehicles on the market.

- Think critically about what metrics you would think would be of interest to a consumer (cost, fuel efficiency, color options, etc.). 
- Determine what question we would ask, what the null and alternative hypothesis would be to answer that question, and what statistical test could be used to test this hypothesis. 
- Knowing what test should be used, what data should be collected

Big data and acquiring data and analyzing that data is very important for manufacturing growth.
The amount and quantity of units that are sold monthly, quarterly and annually are some of the metrics that are obtained and most importantly, 
customer satisfaction produced by surveys of the products sold.
Gathering, collecting and analyzing data is a very good way to determine the measure of your product.

Observations:
What metrics you would think would be of interest to a consumer (cost, fuel efficiency, color options, etc.).
I would choose fuel efficiency because it is very import to determine you weekly fuel budget and how much you are going to spend on fuel.
A lot more of consumers are steering towards hybrid and/or electric vehicle to offset the cost of the amount of money they pay at the pumps

Observations:
Determine what question we would ask, what the null and alternative hypothesis would be to answer that question, and what statistical 
test could be used to test this hypothesis
A Boxplot can be used for this analysis because the amount of information contained within a single visualization, as well as the boxplot’s ability 
to compare measurements across grouping factors. To generate a boxplot in ggplot2, we must supply numeric vector assigned to the y-value. 
This is due to the ggplot accounting for multiple boxplots in a single figure.

Rate of growth:
The data is available to see the trend and growth rate of hybrid and electric vehicles. 
From data given by car manufactures it was determined that the reduced cost of hybrid/electric vehicle had a profound impact on the growth rate of 
purchase electric/hybrid vehicles. State and Government tax credits and or refunds also help to reduce production costs of building a new electric vehicle.

Observations:
Knowing what test should be used, what data should be collected?
The two-sample t-test will be used to compare two samples from a single population dataset. We would perform a two-sample t-test 
on the hybrid/electric vehicle vs the gasoline/diesel vehicle. 
